​basic features of rizdoor
1. jobseekers can search through job title, skill name, company name, place.
2. jobseeker can then apply on desired job by clikcing a on a job in the list.
3. jobseeker can view company profile and their other jobs they posted.
4. jobseeker will fill form without regi​​stering on website.
4. after applying jobseeker will recive an email from rizqdoor.
5. on specific selected job job seeker will have option to create email alerts for similer jobs. on weekly basis.
6. Their will be a blog portion about different jobs topics.
7. jobseekers can learn from these blogs.
8. there will be country wise jobs listing.
9. there will be industry wise job listing.
10. Company posting job will have a dashboard.
11. before posting a job a company must be registered first.
12. In registration company info  like = purpose, about company, how many employees, offices locations, etc will be mendatory to give.
13. company will see their jobs posted and can change their status.
14. company can make changes to the posted or can delete it.
15. when posting job some information will be important like for how many days this job should be posted.
16. Company can see jobseeker applied for job resume.
17. Their will be a dashboard for our company in which blogger will post blogs related to jobs.
18. Our company can change these blogs and maintain it.
19. there is term called on-page seo which is mean that our internal coding and website structure must meet all the crieterias of google search engine to compete with other competitors.
19. on-page seo could be done in basic languages which takes too much efforts and time.
18. their will not be used any external framewok as it will load our site.
19. every library will made specifically for this project from the scratch.
20. there will not be used even a single image from outside (ready made code).
21. it will be fully search engine optomised.
22. jobseeker can search a company and get company contact or office address or get to know the company by reading company profile.
23. for responsiveness developers use frameworks like bootstrap to reduce time in mid level projects but not in high level projects because it effect system speed and consistency also seo.
24. we will make our project responsive through basic css grid system which is released in 2017 and used by linkedin instagram etc.
25. this project will be animated instead of basic color converting.
26. will be the simplest and easiest to use system from both sides.